Apr 08, 2025 11:40:20 AM classes.databaseCore getResultSet
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: Table 'cl_posmain.supplier' doesn't exist
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.databaseCore.getResultSet(databaseCore.java:34)
	at classes.coreClass.isSupplierExisting(coreClass.java:154)
	at classes.coreClass.insertSuppName(coreClass.java:20)
	at forms.supplierForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(supplierForm.java:186)
	at forms.supplierForm$7.mouseClicked(supplierForm.java:110)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:40:20 AM classes.databaseCore execute
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: Table 'cl_posmain.supplier' doesn't exist
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeInternal(StatementImpl.java:763)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.execute(StatementImpl.java:648)
	at classes.databaseCore.execute(databaseCore.java:46)
	at classes.coreClass.insertSuppName(coreClass.java:24)
	at forms.supplierForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(supplierForm.java:186)
	at forms.supplierForm$7.mouseClicked(supplierForm.java:110)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:40:20 AM classes.databaseCore getResultSet
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: Table 'cl_posmain.supplier' doesn't exist
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.databaseCore.getResultSet(databaseCore.java:34)
	at forms.supplierForm.showSuppliers(supplierForm.java:304)
	at forms.supplierForm.formWindowGainedFocus(supplierForm.java:240)
	at forms.supplierForm$1.windowGainedFocus(supplierForm.java:50)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processWindowFocusEvent(Window.java:2132)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processEvent(Window.java:2048)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.KeyboardFocusManager.redispatchEvent(KeyboardFocusManager.java:1952)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.typeAheadAssertions(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1070)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:528)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4872)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.SequencedEvent.dispatch(SequencedEvent.java:206)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:773)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:40:20 AM forms.supplierForm showSuppliers
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Cannot set a null TableModel
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JTable.setModel(JTable.java:3740)
	at forms.supplierForm.showSuppliers(supplierForm.java:305)
	at forms.supplierForm.formWindowGainedFocus(supplierForm.java:240)
	at forms.supplierForm$1.windowGainedFocus(supplierForm.java:50)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processWindowFocusEvent(Window.java:2132)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processEvent(Window.java:2048)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.KeyboardFocusManager.redispatchEvent(KeyboardFocusManager.java:1952)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.typeAheadAssertions(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1070)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:528)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4872)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.SequencedEvent.dispatch(SequencedEvent.java:206)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:773)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:40:28 AM classes.databaseCore getResultSet
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: Table 'cl_posmain.supplier' doesn't exist
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.databaseCore.getResultSet(databaseCore.java:34)
	at forms.supplierForm.showSuppliers(supplierForm.java:304)
	at forms.supplierForm.formWindowGainedFocus(supplierForm.java:240)
	at forms.supplierForm$1.windowGainedFocus(supplierForm.java:50)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processWindowFocusEvent(Window.java:2132)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processEvent(Window.java:2048)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.KeyboardFocusManager.redispatchEvent(KeyboardFocusManager.java:1952)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.typeAheadAssertions(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1070)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:528)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4872)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.SequencedEvent.dispatch(SequencedEvent.java:206)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:773)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:40:33 AM classes.databaseCore getResultSet
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: Table 'cl_posmain.supplier' doesn't exist
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.databaseCore.getResultSet(databaseCore.java:34)
	at forms.addItemForm.getSupplierList(addItemForm.java:581)
	at forms.addItemForm.getSuppCatList(addItemForm.java:617)
	at forms.addItemForm.formWindowGainedFocus(addItemForm.java:451)
	at forms.addItemForm$1.windowGainedFocus(addItemForm.java:70)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processWindowFocusEvent(Window.java:2132)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processEvent(Window.java:2048)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.KeyboardFocusManager.redispatchEvent(KeyboardFocusManager.java:1952)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.typeAheadAssertions(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1070)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:528)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4872)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.SequencedEvent.dispatch(SequencedEvent.java:206)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:773)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:41:40 AM classes.databaseCore getResultSet
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: Table 'cl_posmain.supplier' doesn't exist
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.databaseCore.getResultSet(databaseCore.java:34)
	at classes.coreClass.isSupplierExisting(coreClass.java:154)
	at classes.coreClass.insertSuppName(coreClass.java:20)
	at forms.supplierForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(supplierForm.java:186)
	at forms.supplierForm$7.mouseClicked(supplierForm.java:110)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:41:40 AM classes.databaseCore getResultSet
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: Table 'cl_posmain.supplier' doesn't exist
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.databaseCore.getResultSet(databaseCore.java:34)
	at forms.supplierForm.showSuppliers(supplierForm.java:304)
	at forms.supplierForm.formWindowGainedFocus(supplierForm.java:240)
	at forms.supplierForm$1.windowGainedFocus(supplierForm.java:50)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processWindowFocusEvent(Window.java:2132)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processEvent(Window.java:2048)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.KeyboardFocusManager.redispatchEvent(KeyboardFocusManager.java:1952)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.typeAheadAssertions(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1070)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:528)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4872)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.SequencedEvent.dispatch(SequencedEvent.java:206)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:773)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:41:40 AM forms.supplierForm showSuppliers
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Cannot set a null TableModel
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JTable.setModel(JTable.java:3740)
	at forms.supplierForm.showSuppliers(supplierForm.java:305)
	at forms.supplierForm.formWindowGainedFocus(supplierForm.java:240)
	at forms.supplierForm$1.windowGainedFocus(supplierForm.java:50)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processWindowFocusEvent(Window.java:2132)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processEvent(Window.java:2048)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.KeyboardFocusManager.redispatchEvent(KeyboardFocusManager.java:1952)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.typeAheadAssertions(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1070)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:528)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4872)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.SequencedEvent.dispatch(SequencedEvent.java:206)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:773)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:41:40 AM classes.databaseCore getResultSet
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: Table 'cl_posmain.supplier' doesn't exist
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.databaseCore.getResultSet(databaseCore.java:34)
	at forms.supplierForm.showSuppliers(supplierForm.java:304)
	at forms.supplierForm.searchBarKeyReleased(supplierForm.java:215)
	at forms.supplierForm$2.keyReleased(supplierForm.java:63)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processKeyEvent(Component.java:6577)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processKeyEvent(JComponent.java:2905)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6393)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.KeyboardFocusManager.redispatchEvent(KeyboardFocusManager.java:1952)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchKeyEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:883)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.preDispatchKeyEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1146)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.pumpApprovedKeyEvents(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:969)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.typeAheadAssertions(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1066)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:687)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4872)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:41:40 AM forms.supplierForm showSuppliers
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Cannot set a null TableModel
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JTable.setModel(JTable.java:3740)
	at forms.supplierForm.showSuppliers(supplierForm.java:305)
	at forms.supplierForm.searchBarKeyReleased(supplierForm.java:215)
	at forms.supplierForm$2.keyReleased(supplierForm.java:63)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processKeyEvent(Component.java:6577)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processKeyEvent(JComponent.java:2905)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6393)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.KeyboardFocusManager.redispatchEvent(KeyboardFocusManager.java:1952)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchKeyEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:883)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.preDispatchKeyEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1146)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.pumpApprovedKeyEvents(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:969)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.typeAheadAssertions(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1066)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:687)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4872)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:44:37 AM classes.databaseCore execute
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLException: Field 'categoryID' doesn't have a default value
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:130)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeInternal(StatementImpl.java:763)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.execute(StatementImpl.java:648)
	at classes.databaseCore.execute(databaseCore.java:46)
	at classes.coreClass.insertCategory(coreClass.java:113)
	at forms.categoryForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(categoryForm.java:213)
	at forms.categoryForm$7.mouseClicked(categoryForm.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:49:49 AM classes.databaseCore getResultSet
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: Table 'cl_posmain.supplier' doesn't exist
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.databaseCore.getResultSet(databaseCore.java:34)
	at classes.itemClass.getSuppID(itemClass.java:100)
	at forms.addItemForm.addBtnActionPerformed(addItemForm.java:368)
	at forms.addItemForm$6.actionPerformed(addItemForm.java:162)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.AbstractButton.fireActionPerformed(AbstractButton.java:1972)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.AbstractButton$Handler.actionPerformed(AbstractButton.java:2313)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.fireActionPerformed(DefaultButtonModel.java:405)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.setPressed(DefaultButtonModel.java:262)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.plaf.basic.BasicButtonListener.mouseReleased(BasicButtonListener.java:279)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6616)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4575)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:51:38 AM classes.databaseCore getResultSet
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: Table 'cl_posmain.supplier' doesn't exist
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.databaseCore.getResultSet(databaseCore.java:34)
	at classes.coreClass.isSupplierExisting(coreClass.java:158)
	at classes.coreClass.insertSuppName(coreClass.java:20)
	at forms.supplierForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(supplierForm.java:186)
	at forms.supplierForm$7.mouseClicked(supplierForm.java:110)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 08, 2025 11:52:02 AM classes.databaseCore getResultSet
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: Unknown column 'supplierID' in 'field list'
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.databaseCore.getResultSet(databaseCore.java:34)
	at classes.itemClass.getSuppID(itemClass.java:100)
	at forms.addItemForm.addBtnActionPerformed(addItemForm.java:368)
	at forms.addItemForm$6.actionPerformed(addItemForm.java:162)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.AbstractButton.fireActionPerformed(AbstractButton.java:1972)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.AbstractButton$Handler.actionPerformed(AbstractButton.java:2313)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.fireActionPerformed(DefaultButtonModel.java:405)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.setPressed(DefaultButtonModel.java:262)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.plaf.basic.BasicButtonListener.mouseReleased(BasicButtonListener.java:279)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6616)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4575)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

