Apr 22, 2025 5:56:19 PM classes.itemClass getAllItemDetails
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "java.sql.Connection.prepareStatement(String)" because "this.con" is null
	at classes.itemClass.getAllItemDetails(itemClass.java:264)
	at forms.addItemForm.formWindowGainedFocus(addItemForm.java:459)
	at forms.addItemForm$1.windowGainedFocus(addItemForm.java:74)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processWindowFocusEvent(Window.java:2132)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processEvent(Window.java:2048)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.KeyboardFocusManager.redispatchEvent(KeyboardFocusManager.java:1952)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.typeAheadAssertions(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1070)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:528)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4872)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.SequencedEvent.dispatch(SequencedEvent.java:206)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:773)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 22, 2025 5:56:27 PM classes.itemClass getAllItemDetails
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "java.sql.Connection.prepareStatement(String)" because "this.con" is null
	at classes.itemClass.getAllItemDetails(itemClass.java:264)
	at forms.addItemForm.formWindowGainedFocus(addItemForm.java:459)
	at forms.addItemForm$1.windowGainedFocus(addItemForm.java:74)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processWindowFocusEvent(Window.java:2132)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.processEvent(Window.java:2048)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.KeyboardFocusManager.redispatchEvent(KeyboardFocusManager.java:1952)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.typeAheadAssertions(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:1070)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.dispatchEvent(DefaultKeyboardFocusManager.java:528)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4872)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.SequencedEvent.dispatch(SequencedEvent.java:206)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:773)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 22, 2025 7:33:02 PM classes.itemClass isBarcodeUsed
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near '? AND deletedOn IS NULL' at line 1
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.itemClass.isBarcodeUsed(itemClass.java:300)
	at forms.barcodeListForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:108)
	at forms.barcodeListForm$1.mouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:51)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.AWTEventMulticaster.mouseClicked(AWTEventMulticaster.java:278)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 22, 2025 7:33:03 PM classes.itemClass isBarcodeUsed
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near '? AND deletedOn IS NULL' at line 1
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.itemClass.isBarcodeUsed(itemClass.java:300)
	at forms.barcodeListForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:108)
	at forms.barcodeListForm$1.mouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:51)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.AWTEventMulticaster.mouseClicked(AWTEventMulticaster.java:278)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 22, 2025 7:33:04 PM classes.itemClass isBarcodeUsed
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near '? AND deletedOn IS NULL' at line 1
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.itemClass.isBarcodeUsed(itemClass.java:300)
	at forms.barcodeListForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:108)
	at forms.barcodeListForm$1.mouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:51)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.AWTEventMulticaster.mouseClicked(AWTEventMulticaster.java:278)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 22, 2025 7:33:04 PM classes.itemClass isBarcodeUsed
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near '? AND deletedOn IS NULL' at line 1
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.itemClass.isBarcodeUsed(itemClass.java:300)
	at forms.barcodeListForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:108)
	at forms.barcodeListForm$1.mouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:51)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.AWTEventMulticaster.mouseClicked(AWTEventMulticaster.java:278)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 22, 2025 7:33:04 PM classes.itemClass isBarcodeUsed
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near '? AND deletedOn IS NULL' at line 1
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.itemClass.isBarcodeUsed(itemClass.java:300)
	at forms.barcodeListForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:108)
	at forms.barcodeListForm$1.mouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:51)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.AWTEventMulticaster.mouseClicked(AWTEventMulticaster.java:278)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 22, 2025 7:33:04 PM classes.itemClass isBarcodeUsed
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near '? AND deletedOn IS NULL' at line 1
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.itemClass.isBarcodeUsed(itemClass.java:300)
	at forms.barcodeListForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:108)
	at forms.barcodeListForm$1.mouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:51)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.AWTEventMulticaster.mouseClicked(AWTEventMulticaster.java:278)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 22, 2025 7:33:05 PM classes.itemClass isBarcodeUsed
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near '? AND deletedOn IS NULL' at line 1
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.itemClass.isBarcodeUsed(itemClass.java:300)
	at forms.barcodeListForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:108)
	at forms.barcodeListForm$1.mouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:51)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.AWTEventMulticaster.mouseClicked(AWTEventMulticaster.java:278)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 22, 2025 7:33:11 PM classes.itemClass isBarcodeUsed
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException: You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near '? AND deletedOn IS NULL' at line 1
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:121)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLExceptionsMapping.translateException(SQLExceptionsMapping.java:122)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.StatementImpl.executeQuery(StatementImpl.java:1200)
	at classes.itemClass.isBarcodeUsed(itemClass.java:300)
	at forms.barcodeListForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:108)
	at forms.barcodeListForm$1.mouseClicked(barcodeListForm.java:51)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.AWTEventMulticaster.mouseClicked(AWTEventMulticaster.java:278)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 22, 2025 7:36:11 PM classes.coreClass insertGroupName
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLException: Statement.executeQuery() cannot issue statements that do not produce result sets.
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:130)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:98)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:90)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:64)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.ClientPreparedStatement.executeQuery(ClientPreparedStatement.java:928)
	at classes.coreClass.insertGroupName(coreClass.java:313)
	at forms.profileGroupForm.jLabel2MouseClicked(profileGroupForm.java:188)
	at forms.profileGroupForm$7.mouseClicked(profileGroupForm.java:112)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

Apr 22, 2025 7:40:08 PM classes.coreClass deleteProfileGroup
SEVERE: An exception occurred
java.sql.SQLException: Statement.executeQuery() cannot issue statements that do not produce result sets.
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:130)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:98)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:90)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.exceptions.SQLError.createSQLException(SQLError.java:64)
	at com.mysql.cj.jdbc.ClientPreparedStatement.executeQuery(ClientPreparedStatement.java:928)
	at classes.coreClass.deleteProfileGroup(coreClass.java:336)
	at forms.profileGroupForm.jLabel3MouseClicked(profileGroupForm.java:228)
	at forms.profileGroupForm$8.mouseClicked(profileGroupForm.java:120)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processMouseEvent(Component.java:6619)
	at java.desktop/javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEvent(JComponent.java:3398)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.processEvent(Component.java:6381)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.processEvent(Container.java:2266)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImpl(Component.java:4991)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2324)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEvent(Container.java:4948)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEvent(Container.java:4584)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEvent(Container.java:4516)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImpl(Container.java:2310)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImpl(Window.java:2780)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.Component.dispatchEvent(Component.java:4823)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImpl(EventQueue.java:775)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:720)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$4.run(EventQueue.java:714)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:97)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:747)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue$5.run(EventQueue.java:745)
	at java.base/java.security.AccessController.doPrivileged(AccessController.java:399)
	at java.base/java.security.ProtectionDomain$JavaSecurityAccessImpl.doIntersectionPrivilege(ProtectionDomain.java:86)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEvent(EventQueue.java:744)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFilters(EventDispatchThread.java:203)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilter(EventDispatchThread.java:124)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchy(EventDispatchThread.java:113)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:109)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEvents(EventDispatchThread.java:101)
	at java.desktop/java.awt.EventDispatchThread.run(EventDispatchThread.java:90)

